README.md, before:

# QueueRoom
 
# Run
~~~ bash
#set up dependencies
npm install
#run Queue Room
node server.js

~~~~

# Bug List

### In_room page does not have a particle background

Potential Causes:
>In short, this is because the browser can only get the html code we sent in `server.js app.get("in_room")`. Nothing else. Because particle.js background requires the particle.js file, the background won't work if the browser cannot access the particle.js file.

> This is because we are "sending" the html code within the server.js code and not serving it like a static website, all the other things - everything besides the html code itself, including the theme.css, particles.js, and app.js inside the /html/ folder, are not being sent to the browser when sending the html code in `server.js app.get("in_room")`.

Current Solution: ignore it. Make the background color the same black as other pages to make it less weird.

### Can't add people twice, or the server crash
who knows why...

# Docker Image
t41372/queue_room_docker
~~~~ shell
# replace platform with the cpu architecture of your machine... like x86_64 or latest(arm64)
docker run -d -p 8080:8080 t41372/queue_room_docker:platform
~~~~

Commit message:

Solved Bug: queryPromiseGet Can't Be use twice, or it will crash
Solved:
Add People function can only be used once. If the queryPromiseGet is invoked after having run addPeople function once, the program will crash and say "queryPromiseGet" is not a function

----
Reason:
Because in addPeople function, line 316, the result of the query insert is mistakenly store into queryPromiseGet, so after that, queryPromiseGet will become the return value of the insert, rather than a function.
Hence, whenever we want to use it like a function, it will crash because it is no longer a function

README.md, after:

# QueueRoom
 
# Run
~~~ bash
#set up dependencies
npm install
#run Queue Room
node server.js

~~~~

# Bug List

### In_room page does not have a particle background

Potential Causes:
>In short, this is because the browser can only get the html code we sent in `server.js app.get("in_room")`. Nothing else. Because particle.js background requires the particle.js file, the background won't work if the browser cannot access the particle.js file.

> This is because we are "sending" the html code within the server.js code and not serving it like a static website, all the other things - everything besides the html code itself, including the theme.css, particles.js, and app.js inside the /html/ folder, are not being sent to the browser when sending the html code in `server.js app.get("in_room")`.

Current Solution: ignore it. Make the background color the same black as other pages to make it less weird.

### Can't add people twice, or the server crash
~~who knows why...~~ Solved. (Dec 12, 2022) in server.js line 316, the `queryPromiseGet` function is mistakenly overriden, so after running `addPeople` function once, `queryPromiseGet` will not be a function anymore

# Docker Image
t41372/queue_room_docker
~~~~ shell
# replace platform with the cpu architecture of your machine... like x86_64 or latest(arm64)
docker run -d -p 8080:8080 t41372/queue_room_docker:platform
~~~~
